Changes in version 1.13:

   o Removed Rd cross-references that are no longer available on CRAN.

   o Updated caTools-package.rD with correct licensing information.

   o Updated DESCRIPTION file to reflect new maintainer.

Changed in version 1.12:

   o Small correction to GifTools.cpp sent by Murray Stokely to allow
     compilation with clang rather than gcc compiler.

   o Corrections to runmean documentation sent by Jon Wade.

   o Fixed bug in LogitBoost.R which was causing crashes when all values of
     a column were identical.

   o Added comments to runfunc.c

Changes in version 1.11:

   o Changed EndRule function used by all run... functions to fix handling
     of different endrules when for non-central aligments and for k=2.

   o Fully retired runsum.exact, which was not working for a while, use
     runmean with "exact" option instead.

   o Removed references to several no-longer-existing packages and
     functions from Rd files.

   o Changed documentation of predict.LogitBoost to follow S3 mathod syntax.

   o renamed sum.exact and cumsum.exact to sumexact and cumsumexact to
     avoid package build errors. those functions were confused with S3
     mathods.

Changes in version 1.10:

   o Fixed runmax to handle correctly negative numbers.

   o Added align argument to moving window statistics functions: runmean,
     runmax, runmin, runsd, runmad and runquintile functions. It allows
     left and right alligned window in addition to centered window.

   o Added support for 2D arrays to be passed to moving window statistics
     functions: runmean, runmax, runmin, runsd, runmad and runquintile
     functions.  If input array is a 2D matrix than the operations are
     performed for each column separately. This change was mostly handled
     by EndRule function. Speed for 2D array input is expected to be slower
     than for vectors since calculations for beggining and end of arrays if
     handled in R instead of C. is expected to be.

   o Changed "if(!require(LIB)) warning(..." to ""library(LIB)" to get rid
     or warnings by R CMD CHECK.

Changes in version 1.9:

   o No code changes.

   o Corrected inconsistent licence information.

Changes in version 1.8:

   o Major changes to moving window statistics functions:
     - Use fast C code to process array edges.
     - Added suport for NaN's.
     - Added suport for even size windows.
     - Split help file into 5 new help files.
     - Added much more examples and self-tests.

   o Followed Prof. Brian Ripley request to move R header files out of
     extern "C" blocks in C++ files.

   o Changed licence to GPL.

Changes in version 1.7:

   o Added 4th variable in 'rgb' function (line 174).

Changes in version 1.6:

   o Functions raw2bin and bin2raw were retired, since they parallel new
     (as of R-2.2.0) capabilities of readBin and writeBin.

   o Bug in plotting in colAUC function was fixed, after it was reported by
     Tom Wright.

   o Documentation of colAUC was updated and some examples modified in
     order to reduce dependency on external libraries.

   o GifTools.cc was split into GifTools.cpp and GifTools.cc. The first
     file contains GIF encoding/decoding algorithm and second is a shell
     that comunicates with R.

Changes in version 1.5:

   o Several new examples.

   o Functions raw2bin and bin2raw still work but return warnings. They
     will be retired in the next version, since they parallel new
     capabilities of readBin and writeBin.

   o Argument 'col' of function 'write.gif' was changed to allow several
     other ways to define a color palette.

   o base64encode and base64decode now use readBin and writeBin instead
     raw2bin and bin2raw.

Changes in version 1.4:

   o A small change in 1.3 that used call to 'max' instead of 'pmax' made
     'colAUC' return wrong numbers in case of multi-feature data.

Changes in version 1.3:

   o Changes to colAUC function. Parameters: plotROC and alg were added.
     Parameter 'p.val' was removed, since it gave wrong results in case of
     data with ties. And it was too complicated to fix.

   o Added much better testing of "colAUC" in Example section.

Changes in version 1.2:

   o Minor changes to .Rd files to fix problems found by new
     'checkDocFiles' function.

Changes in version 1.1:

   o read.GIF and write.GIF files were added.

   o bin2raw and raw2bin files: much faster raw to numeric conversion.

   o sum.exact, cumsum.exact and runsum.exact functions were added for
     under-flow safe addition.

Changes in version 1.0:

   o bin2raw and raw2bin files: endian variable was added.

   o raw2bin: additional error checking.

   o runmean, runmax, runmin, runquantile, runmad: additional error
     checking and corrected error checking.

   o EndRule: added error checking.

   o runmean, runmax, runmin: additional parameter "alg" was added.

   o runmean - new C code can survive round-off errors.
